hi guys I'm Bridget Davis be internet
chef and today I've got a little recipe
for you I'm going to teach you how to
cook the best scrambled eggs so first if
you want to come down here and see what
I've got in front of me I've got three
free-range eggs I've also got just maybe
going to use about a tablespoon of
butter a little bit of um sea salt
flakes there and in the jug here I've
got about a third of a cup of cream so
in order to make the world's best
scrambled eggs you need to break your 3x
until the world so once they're in the
bowl avoiding the egg shell of course
we're going to add our third of a cup of
cream to that little bowl
over here we're going to put the pan on
I'm using a nonstick pan which is really
really important I'm using the induction
cooktop and I'm turning on the pan to
induction setting eight which is about
medium to hot on your gas or your
electric cooktop then we're going to
take a fork is our pan is heating up and
just mix the cream and the egg together
there what I'm trying to achieve it just
that yolk is mixed through so don't want
these tricks of yolk you know in our egg
mixture as our pan is heating up
I'm just going to take just the smallest
knob of butter there put it into the pan
and that's going to begin to melt
through I'm also going to take a little
bit of our sea salt flakes they're going
to go into the base of the pan which is
going to help those sea salt flakes to
start to dissolve there the heat from
the pan so back to our egg mixture it's
looking pretty good the yolks are mixed
through nicely one our butter to start
sizzling once we've got this little
sizzling action happening here now in
our pan almost ready to put our egg yolk
mixture
in order to help me make this this best
scrambled egg recipe successful I'm also
using a flat ended wooden spoon as I
talked about this is a nonstick pan as
well which is really really important we
don't want the egg to stick to the base
of the pan so now that sizzle happening
there's no color in my butter which is
also really important I'm going to drop
my eggs into the base of the pan now
what you need to do is you need to
resist resist the urge to scramble your
eggs because what you want to start
happening is that egg yolk is going to
begin to set the protein is going to
begin to sit on the base of that pan so
about 20 seconds once you put that egg
mixture into the base of the pan you
want to wait about 20 seconds before
you're even going to start to attempt to
scramble as I'm shaking the pan as you
can see what's happening I've got these
all bubbles beginning to form down there
so I know that proteins sitting really
well so once I've got my bath bubbles
bubbles bubbles my bubbles size of all I
want to take my flat in the wooden spoon
and begin to very very gently nudge
these eggs around the pan as I'm nudging
the cook stuff the raw pot stuff is then
taking its place just enough time for me
to grab a little bit of Parmesan cheese
and grate that in because it's going to
help the flavor perfect back to my
wooden spoon give it a bit of a nudge so
the cook stuff makes way for the raw
stuffs of what you are getting is the
most gentle and delicious lightly cooked
scrambled eggs and that pretty much is
it once you're at that stage we turn it
off and the heat that's left on their
scrambled eggs will continue to cook us
through and you will guarantee have on
the best scrambled egg recipes ever
thank you